The first iteration has been completed few days before the due date, making it 
a successful first step into the project as a team. 

It came to us that a memeber wasn't able to participate to the group project due 
to persoanl reasons, therefore, we had to come up with an action plan which 
accounted for a team of three people. 

We organised several small meetings among two group members outside our lab day
which is on tuesday. We used to meet as a team just after the lab time in order 
to discuss each points of the project (test functions, assumptions etc...). 

We ended up with a trello account which is a web based application that helps
building colloborative boards. That helped us to track everyone's work, and 
have a clear vision on our progress. Especially when we had to track each 
individual functions. Needless to say, that trello came to be really useuful in
addition of git lab. 

Our team set different files for each class of functions (messages, channels,
etc...) under the advice of Eilia. That came out to be a good decision later on
when we merged all the files together, making the conflict resolution easier to 
handle.

Throughout the week before the project was due we ended up doing peer reviews
which actually helped us to learn more about the testing phase of a product
development. Each member wrote used a implementation of the testing units with 
pytest. Making it clear how one can write a complete unit test.

One can point out that the communication part between some memebers could be 
improved, as some memebers ended up without response on the main group chat.
We will be working on that before the second iteration. One solution would 
consist on using whatsApp because it links the messages to your personal phone 
number, making it harder to omit a message.

There were little to no tensions in the first iteration as our group didn't go 
through a storming part of a group creation. We ended up performing early 
in the iteration. 

We are looking into iteration 2, and the upcoming challenges.


